April news (batch 2) (#505)
LLNL/llnl.github.io: _posts/2021-04-20-glvis.md

---
title: "New Web and Jupyter Versions of GLVis"
categories: release
---

[GLVis](https://glvis.org/) is a lightweight OpenGL tool for accurate and flexible finite element visualization. It's been recently upgraded for wider usability:

* The full feature set is available on Linux, Mac, *and* Windows.
* In Jupyter, installation is as easy as `pip install glvis` to use the full power of GLVis in an interactive [Python notebook](https://github.com/GLVis/pyglvis). 

> * Also check out the [web version](https://glvis.org/live/) of the tool where users can access GLVis in a browser, on a mobile, or a tablet. For instance, present simulations and take advantage of webgl and web sockets. (See the [GLVis js library](https://github.com/glvis/glvis-js) for details.)

Reviewer: Thanks @hauten! 

A suggested rewording:

```suggestion
* Also check out the [web version](https://glvis.org/live/) of the tool where users can access GLVis in a browser, on mobile, or a tablet. This version can be used to present simulation results only, while taking advantage of local WebGL acceleration and web sockets for streaming time-dependent results. (See the [GLVis JavaScript library](https://github.com/glvis/glvis-js) for details.)
```
